Most people with winged out shoulder blades are scapular winging or told that they need to do upper-back strengthening exercises to help pull the shoulders back into a better position. But what oftentimes gets overlooked is this underrated muscle that helps improve shoulder position and function. Here's what you need to know. And that muscle is the triceps, but particularly the long head of the triceps. The reason why it's the long head in particular is because it attaches on this outside border of the shoulder blade. This gives the leverage in certain contexts and positions to help pull the shoulder down closer to the spine into what we call downward rotation from a position of relative upward rotation. This is advantageous for people that have scapular winging because they're stuck in a position where the shoulder blade is off the rib cage and a relatively upwardly rotated position. And in many cases, the long head of the triceps works really well in tandem with the lower trap activating to help pull the shoulder blade into a better position. So oftentimes, these muscles work really well together for this goal and can be trained together. But we can't forget about the rib cage as I talk about so much of my content. People with scapular winging are going to have a shoulder that's rounded forward on that side. That's going to create a lot of compression and tightness of tissues and muscles on front side of the rib cage on that side in particular. So while we do pull the shoulder back into a better position, we also want to educate better opening and expansion of the space that should be happening with every single breath that we take. If that's not happening, then we might strengthen the muscles and reposition the shoulder blade better on the back rib cage. But it won't last because our body won't know how to open the space and keep it open. So an optimal solution would entail opening up this front side rib cage space for better expansion. While repositioning the scapula into a better position on the back rib cage via the long head of the triceps and the low traps. All you need for this is a band attached to something high like a door frame or a rack. So that way when you're in a seated position, when you pull your arm across your body like this, you have a perfectly straight line from your arms through the band. So sit feeling both sit bones evenly as you can and then what you're going to do is very slightly dip the shoulder down on the opposite side and you're going to feel a little bit of tension through your side abs or obliques right here. That's going to help open up this chest wall to expand better. And then not elevating your shoulder, keeping it relaxed, just pull your elbow into extension like this. And you should feel your triceps start to work with a little bit of your lower trap as well without again, shrugging up the shoulder just this shoulder is relatively down. Now breathe in through your nose, out through your mouth, nice and relaxing this position for an isometric contraction like this. You want to make sure your eyes stay perfectly straight ahead because this shoulders drop down a little bit. Don't let your head come off with you like that. Keep your eyes relatively level. You can also make this a dynamic exercise by turning into a tricep extension like this. And once you get an idea for what that should feel like, you can actually really build strength through those triceps and that long head in particular by turning it into a full-blown cable machine exercise like this.