Most people that can't squat deep or get the full depth without butt-winking are struggling with one thing in particular. And when they address it, their squat feels much better and much smoother and they can go deeper without as much restriction. And that problem is that their center of gravity of their body is pushed forward in space. Now, a lot of people just reduce this to anterior pelvic tilt, but it's not that simple. This forward position of anterior pelvic tilt is a secondary byproduct of someone's center of gravity that is overall shifted forward in space. And because the squat requires us to keep a relatively vertical pelvis and torso as we go down into it, if we're already starting with the pelvis tip forward, this creates a couple of problems. First, we're already starting in a position of hip flexion or hip bend. So it's going to be harder for us to get further into a position of deep hip flexion when we're already starting in the position we want to move into. Second, we're already starting with our ankles in some degree of passive dorsiflection. If you lean forward, the angle in between your shin and your foot closes. So it's going to be harder for you to move into more dorsiflection or ankle mobility. And lastly, because the pelvis is starting forward, you can see that if I just went straight back here, I'm going to be in more of a hinge position as I go down. But a squat is butt straight down. So in order to get to that last end range of a squat, they oftentimes are going to end up just butt-winking like this to get into that end range required for a squat. The solution is to constrain the individual and teach them what a nice squat looks like when the center of gravity is shifted back. That way they have more ability to express the ranges of motion required for it. For this all you need is a TRX and to get far enough away to where you can keep your feet relatively hip with the part and toes mostly straight ahead. If you want to turn them out a little bit, that's okay. But you want to feel these three points of contact or guardless of where your stance is. Allow your arms to extend as you lean back. Again, maintaining those three points of contact, you want to have a relatively stacked head over your ribcage over your pelvis in this position. Shifting your focus to your heels just to allow your knees to go over your toes, keeping a stacked center of gravity and allowing for everything to send nicely into the bottom there. And then push through the ground to stand up again, keeping everything stacked as you stand back up. Obviously, your center of gravity is very back here, but we'll progress this. Think about pulling yourself down into this squat using the muscles in front of your shin to make it more of an active process so you can own that range of motion. For this grab a foam roller and a kettlebell, you want to get the foam roller around the uppermost portion of your pelvis on the back side there. And you want to get far enough away from the wall to where you have that open angle at your shin relative to your ankle again. The distance doesn't matter so long as you can find those three points of contact again from earlier, but especially focus on the heels. Now grab a light kettlebell and just hold it right here in front of your body. Allow some light separation in between your shoulder blades and spine without you depressing your sternum. Now everything else is pretty much the exact same. All you're going to do is focus on your heels and kind of pull yourself down into that in range position of a squat. Push through the ground to stand up.