Most people of flat feet think that their problem is that their feet are too collapsed or pronated, so they think they need to restore a higher arch position of the foot to improve foot function and mobility. Here's the surprising truth about flat feet. Now it's very important to appreciate that pronation or the arch lowering closer to the ground is a key element of the gate running and movement cycle. Our foot can do this one of two ways. The first is through what we call relative motion, meaning that all the little bones and joints within the foot move relative to each other in a proper way as the farge lowers subtly closer to the floor. Faster or slower depending on the context. The second option is called orientation where the entire foot just dumps into the ground like this. There's much less segmental relative movement in between the bones and the joints in the foot. The whole foot in this context is simply just collapsing down into the earth. Now this isn't inherently actually a bad strategy when you're sprinting or running, this is pretty helpful to allow you to rapidly get into the ground. But if this is your only strategy, then you don't have the capacity to access pronation as effectively through relative motion, which is really important if you want a healthy foot. So the point I'm trying to make is that people of flat feet need to work on restoring genuine pronation rather than compensatory pronation. The way you do this is by addressing why the foot is flat in the first place. Typically in these circumstances, the center of gravity of the body is being pushed forward and spaced. You can see the effect this would have if I lean forward. That's going to push me relatively more onto my mid and forefoot. Over time, this can flatten out the foot more and more, leading to compensatory pronation mechanics. So the solution entails two things, shifting the center of gravity back, which will actually naturally lift up the foot arch. But the key is we need to reeducate better, more relative motion focused pronation as opposed to compensatory pronation. To improve those genuine relative motions of pronation, we want to do this actually with a slightly front foot elevated position. By elevating the front foot, just two to three inches, no more than that. That's going to naturally offload weight from this foot onto my back foot. By doing that, you can see how that's going to get me more onto my heel here and just by nature of doing that, that brings my foot arch into a relatively higher position. This gives me space to then retrain better genuine pronation mechanics going into a flatter foot. Rather than not having this elevation starting right here and then risking more collapse. All you're going to do is unlock your knee and gently turn your pelvis away from that side, subtly as you feel your foot arch kind of go down subtly just a little bit and then come back square up your hips as you lock out your knee. This is training good genuine pronation rather than that compensatory collapse. If you are real risk of collapse, you can take a wedge and slide it underneath the first two toes right here. Underneath the ball of the foot as well and this can allow you to still train good pronation, find the right foot contacts without as much risk of compensation.