If you have a stiffer locked up SI joint on one side of your low back in particular and you've tried stretching and core strengthening exercises without much excess, try this instead. We're going to do here's lay on this foam roller in a specific way. We want to place it so that way this top edge of our iliac crest, as we call it, is directly laying on the foam roller itself. So we're not on tissue or muscle, we're on this bone right here. That's going to help push it into that internally rotated position because oftentimes it's stuck in this position. So by applying pressure here, you push it in. So start just below that area on your hip and then slowly roll up until you can find yourself centered nice and firmly on the middle of that iliac crest. If this is 90 degrees relative to my trunk of my leg, drop it down a little bit to about 60. Now stack your knees and feet on top of each other and just melt into this position for yourself heavy on the center there. Now you always want to make sure that the outside of your ankles flat on the ground here and the outside of your knees always flat on the ground here. No matter what. The first thing you're going to do is just inhale, open up very gently, rest to this foot on the floor as you rock back a little bit. Now you should be on the back side of that pelvic crest as you exhale slowly synchronously roll your trunk and your leg at the same rate and at the same angle forward and just take a slight step forward like this. You want to get this top knee slightly ahead of the bottom knee. Now you should be on the front side of that pelvic crest bone and your mileage may vary here depending on how much of a step forward you can take. For some people, they're just going to end right here with the knee ahead and the inside ankle flat on the top. But others can't take that much of a step forward without locking up or jamming up their hip because they don't have as much space yet. So if that's you what I'd recommend is just slightly take a step over and just stack your knees on top again and that should be enough to get you relatively more on the front side of that bone. You can maybe even slide the top knee forward just a little bit but don't go to the point where you feel any restriction in your bottom side hip at all. Then slowly and healthier nose and go back to the starting position where you get your foot flat on the ground there trunk slightly opened up. Always make sure that outside knee and outside ankle is flat on the ground and then exhale slowly step over again. Repeat this for about two sets of 15 slow rolls. Many instances of SI joint can have one side in particular what I see is a pelvis that's kind of twisted and torqued a little bit. Now there is very very little and minimal movement available at the SI joint but it does have an influence. This position right here is a position of external rotation of this enominant or pelvic bone right here. It has key muscles in this region attached both on the sacrum and the femur itself when these muscles get tightened stay tight. They tug on the SI joint and pull the femur into this position and drag it out into external rotation. So the solution would be to help create a more internally rotated position of the pelvis and femur on that side and create more decompression of muscles and tissues on the back side of the pelvis to help open up the SI joint on that side as well. That is well.