The R-bar is an incredible shoulder health and mobility exercise, but the problem is, most people don't know how to pick the right one for them. And by altering just one simple variable, which is your grip, you can have an influence on the mechanics of the shoulder that will be working during that R-bar, and thereby restoring certain ranges of motion. Here's what you need to know. Let's compare a bottoms-up grip versus an open hand grip. And the bottoms-up grip, what's going to be happening is that most of the mass of the weight itself is further away from your trunk, especially your ribcage. The grip also necessitates more coordination and stability, and your body senses this. So in order for your body to stay balanced and the weight to stay stacked, your lower body is going to advance further ahead of your upper body, or your upper body is going to stay delayed behind your lower body when you initiate that role. This means that the upper body stays turned towards that weight for a longer period of time for balance. Watch what happens to the arm bone here if I turn the upper body towards that side. That's an externally rotated position of the shoulder. So the bottoms-up grip is better for restoring limited external rotation mobility if that's something that you have. On the other hand, you have more of an open hand grip position. What this does is it brings the weight closer relatively speaking to the body and to the trunk. This makes it easier for you to reach the weight further away from the body and for the upper body to turn away from that weight. Now watch what happens to the arm bone here if I turn my trunk away from a given direction. That's going to create an internally rotated position of the shoulder. So using an open hand grip is better for restoring limited internal rotation mechanics of the shoulder. But regardless of which of these arm bar grips that you use, I recommend you keep these things in mind. You want to start in this position, making sure this arm is out by the side. If not just a little bit higher, if it's more comfortable for you that more space to roll into. What you want to do is make sure that you're keeping your eyes at the kettle bell. And as you're slightly reaching it away from you, you want to make sure that you are turning naturally. But also keeping a couple of points of contact down. So you want to make sure that this leg stays flat on the ground. You want to pick it up. And then as you do that, roll you want to pivot around your hips and you want to end up on a couple of points in your lower body. The first is this top side inner knee right here. And then on the bottom leg you want to feel your outside knee and your outside hip bone right here. It's important to inhale as you roll and then exhale as you come back to the start.