Most people, if annoying muscle knot in their upper back, commonly try to fix the issue by stretching it or rolling it out. But this commonly doesn't give them the relief they're looking for, especially in the long-term. A common problem I see is that people think that there's these muscle knots because the stuff in between the shoulder blade and scapula is too tight, creating those muscle knots. And this sometimes is the case, but there's also a lot of situations where these muscle knots exist because things are too lengthened out. What a lot of people don't realize is that muscle tension can exist in one of two ways. First, because things are too short and compressed and pulled together, or when things stretch out too much that also creates tension because the attachment sides of the muscles are being pulled away from each other. Imagine a rubber band being pulled on this creates tension. And a ton of people I've rounded forward shoulders with a lot of thoracic kyphosis, which is creating the situation where the shoulder blades are being pulled away from the spine. This is increasing tension. So trying to stretch this area out or roll it out isn't going to fix the problem because the problem is that the shoulder blades need to sit better on the rib cage to restore better muscle length. And the final piece of this is that with every single breath that we take, we should be getting expansion in our rib cage in all directions. But in this context, particularly in the back. But if we constantly have tension back here because the attachment sides are being pulled away from each other, we're not going to be getting that expansion and a little bit of that decompression. So the solution is two things. First to bring the shoulder blades back into a better resting position on the rib cage. Second, we want to improve the capacity of the back rib cage to expand in the presence of this better scapular position. Here's a really easy way you can do both of those things in one exercise. All you're going to need for this is a table style when you rest your elbows on it. You have around a 45 degree angle of your arm relative to your trunk. Also, it's helpful to have a very light band, but nothing significant at all. Take that band and wrap it around your wrist. First, sit tall and find your sit bones evenly on both sides and rest your elbows on the table, so that way they're about to shoulder with the part. With that band wrapped around your wrist like so and your palms facing you, very gently separate your shoulder blades away from your spine without shrugging or depressing your chest. It's just a very gentle 1 out of 10 push. After you've established that, make sure there's no tension in your body or traps or neck. After that, very gently separate your hands away from each other. Literally again, just a 1 or 2 out of 10. If you go too much, you're going to feel tension build in your shoulders and that's not what you want. Creating this very gentle separation should engage very lightly some muscles on the back side of your shoulders. Now what you're going to do is maintain this position as you exhale through your mouth. Letting the air kind of fall out of you like this. Exhale for about five seconds and then pause, close your mouth and then inhale through your nose silently, but letting air fall into you. If you do this right, you should feel some expansion in between your shoulder blades and spine. This is getting you that back rib cage expansion and the presence of shoulder blades that are better resting on that back rib cage.