If you have a tight no-vractive so-as muscle, chances are high, your stuck in anterior pelvic tilt, or hyperlord doses. But don't just try to stretch your so-as, you're not going to fix the underlying problem. Instead, consider the fact that your so-as is tight because of the position of your body in the first place. Typically what's happening is the body center of gravity is pushed forward in space. And this is creating a situation where your stuck in anterior pelvic tilt, but that anterior pelvic tilt is present because of the force in our gravity strategy. So what we need to do is help shift that back and create a better ability to get our pelvis underneath us, which naturally will help the so-as let go of because the so-as is a muscle of hip flexion which pulls you forward. So the goal is two things. Shift the center of gravity back and also get the pelvis to better rotate back. Doing that will naturally get the so-as to let go because it won't be stuck holding you in that position. Here's a really easy way you can start to do that. For this, all you need is a foam roller and a wall. Place your feet hip width apart with your shin's parallel with the ground. Take that foam roller and slide it in between your mid thighs and everything else should still stay in line. Allow your chin to passively point at the ceiling with no tension in your head or neck. On the wall, you want to feel three main points of contact. Your heel, base of the big toe, base of the little toe. But focus especially on your inner heel and the base of the big toe. With literally only a one or two out of ten effort, push into the wall with those points of contact in your feet. You're going to feel yourself gently move onto these two points of contact from the back side of your pelvis called your PSIS. These contacts are key. You want to feel them on the ground without crunching or pushing them too much into the ground. Because this is leveling out your pelvis and getting it to rotate back. These two points of contact are your number one key for knowing that your pelvis is in a good position. It's rotated back. Your so-as is in a relatively lengthened position and you are effectively stacking. As you can tell by the floor, the head over the rib cage, over the pelvis. What you do not want to do is press too hard and crunch like this. That is not going to help you at all. For added benefit, you could take your elbows, bend them and then just reach them low like this. Feel like some gentle separation in between your shoulder blades and spine. Now just sit here and breathe. In through your nose, out through your nose, bring awareness to how your head is stacked over your rib cage. You're pelvis with those points of contact in your feet. This is a very nice introduction to getting everything nice and stacked and aligned with the right contact in your feet. So inhale through your nose, let the air fall into your back rib cage. Exhale through your nose or mouth just gently letting their fall out of you. And repeat this for about two sets of 10 breaths. To progress that and get that strategy to transfer more over to your upright posture, you can do this. Get far enough away from the wall to where your knees are straight, but not locked out. Feel those same three points of contact, allow your eyes to stay straight ahead. Your head doesn't have to be on the wall, but you want to feel those PSI S contacts. So bend your knees a little bit if you have to to gently find them. Then reach your elbows gently away from you like this, creating that separation in between your shoulder blades and spine. And do that same exact breathing, bringing awareness to your head stacked over your rib cage and pelvis with your weight further back relatively speaking on your heels. This is bringing awareness to your shifting your center of gravity back with that good stack.