Most people that have a smaller or weaker calf on one side of their body compared to the other think that it's primarily an issue with an inability of that calf muscle to properly activate, and while that's technically true, they don't understand why that calf struggles to activate, and why just simply doing more calf raises oftentimes doesn't help them feel or move better. Here's what you mean to know to fix the root cause. It's important to first appreciate that the calf's primary action is to create plantar flexion, or this position that you would see in a calf race. This action occurs as we push off from the ground into late stance phases of getting running, but what's key to understand here is look at the foot arch as you move into this position. This is a relatively higher position of the foot arch or a supernated position. Now here's the kicker. You can only get that calf to move you into plantar flexion, and a relatively higher foot arch if you're coming from relatively the opposite position, which would be door selection and pronation. Basically what I'm saying is that if you can't get your foot to properly pronate, you're not going to get a stretch and length through that calf for it to properly leverage the right mechanics for you to move into plantar flexion and supination. And for this reason, I commonly see that people that struggle to get their calf to activate on given side are also limited in foot pronation and door selection on that side. So you can bang away calf raises all day long, but it will be far less effective in carrying over to your functional daily movement if you can't get your foot to properly pronate for that strength to be expressed in the first place. I think this is also very commonly why when people spraying their ankle on one side that calf tends to become more atrophied and shrink up and not ever really regain its full strength because people that tend to spraying their ankles tend to get a lot of outside ankle sprains and these outside ankle sprains make it harder for the foot to be able to properly pronate. So here's what I recommend you do. To reeducate better pronation, you can use either a wedge or if you don't have a wedge, take a couple of folded up paper towels about this thick. You want to place that wedge underneath the first two toes of the ball the foot in like that or the paper towel, you want to place it underneath the first two toes only on the ball the foot not underneath that and the other toes are off like so. Get around the full foot length step behind that front leg. You might want to turn this leg out for stability. Find these three points of contact on that front leg side. Obviously you're going to find that inside of the big toe but just allow it to naturally do its thing. It's going to help guide your foot into better pronation. I like to add a little bit of external stability by holding onto a rack or a door frame back and work really well too. Start with your knee lock down pelvis facing mostly square ahead. Unlock your knee and then just gently allow your knee to go over your toe as you feel your foot arch just relax down a little bit and then come back to the starting position. This is a nice easy way to start to repatter in good pronation. The question is what is the most relaxed I can keep my foot at all times while maintaining those three points of contact especially that heel. If you want, you can add a little bit of a turn away from that side and that can help you kind of push that knee a little bit more for their forward. I find that that works really well for a lot of people but if this is too uncomfortable on your hips, you can keep your hips square ahead. Keep that foot nice and relaxed. Feel your pelvis stay relatively level.