Most people that have an annoying pitch in their hip try to fix the issue by picking a bunch of random stretches and exercises and hoping one finally fixes their issues. But instead of using a shock and approach and hoping for the best, let's think strategically about why this hip could be pitching in the first place and what you can do to fix your own individual circumstance. Typically when people get this hip pinch, it's because they're moving deeper into their hips or a position called hip flexion. Hip flexion requires the femur or the thigh bone to roll back further within the hip socket, the deeper we dissent. This rolling back in the hip socket is internal rotation. Now the problem could be one of two things. If you lack internal rotation mobility in the first place and your hips are very externally rotated, it's going to be hard for you to move genuinely deeper into your hip. So what ends up happening is we end up compensating to make up for a lack of internal rotation. So we end up just dumping the pelvis forward into the anterior pelvic tilt and that is going to push the femur further back within the hip socket. But the problem is if dumping our pelvis forward is our primary strategy, then that is going to bring these two areas closer together and it's really going to lock up the front of the hip and even potentially imping it as we go deeper into hip flexion. This is most commonly what I see. The other circumstance, though, is that you could have a femur that's already biased towards internal rotation. And in order to get deeper into hip flexion, you have to access more of it. But the problem is you can't get somewhere you're trying to go if you're already there. So if you're already starting internally rotated, but you need more internal rotation space, you're going to quickly run out of the genuine space you have available to move deeper into that. Here's how you could figure out which one you are. Measure your hip internal and external rotation. Making sure that your knee is putting up directly at the ceiling, the other leg is not doing anything. If your external rotation is better than your internal rotation, then you are probably in the first circumstance where you're starting to externally rotate it and you need more internal rotation space to genuinely move into. Here's what I'd recommend for that. Get into half kneeling position and ensure that your back knee is directly underneath your back hip and this knee's bent around a 90 degree angle. Take a foam roller now and wedge it in between the wall and the inside of your knee. You want to feel these three points of contact always on this front leg. Now it's quite simple to improve internal rotation. You're going to push your knee in against this roller and for some people just sitting here is enough to get that internal rotation force going and improve mobility. Make sure your pelvis stays level as you do this though. If you want, you can progress it by adding a reach like this to turn yourself into this hip a little bit more and you can sit here and breathe. As the final progression you can go up into a little bit of a split squat hold like so and taking this position as you breathe into your nose out of your mouth. But if you have more internal than external rotation mobility, the chances are you're already starting internally rotated and you don't have more space to move into somewhere you're trying to go if you're already there. So actually opening up more space for external rotation will give you more space to move into internal rotation and improve your hip position and motion. Here's how you can improve that. For external rotation space it's just the opposite place to the roller on the outside of the knee flush against the wall. You still want to make sure you have those three points of contact and it's okay if your knee is very slightly outside of your foot like this.