Most people trying to fix anterior pelvic tilt don't realize that they could pick specific weight room exercises that help strengthen them in a better posture rather than doing the same old traditional corrective exercises that don't get them the results they're looking for. But in order to understand the best exercises to pick we have to understand what anterior pelvic tilt is even representing in the first place. You see anterior pelvic tilt is not just the situation when we have a tight low back and overactive hip flexors and underactive abs and glutes. What it really represents is a total body strategy where the center of gravity of the body is being pushed forward in space. So as the pelvis tilts forward as the center of gravity moves forward now you have a situation where the muscles get used to being in this position so now you have your tight hip flexors and low back. But they are the symptom not the underlying root cause. So to essentially we pick weight room exercises but help shift our center of gravity back and create a better stack of our head over our ribcage over our pelvis with appropriate weight distribution through our foot. Using weight training exercises in this context will strengthen our body into a better posture and movement patterns and it will also allow our body to be more resilient and maintain these postures and movement patterns under stress. Here are a few of my favorite exercises that start to do this. For this all you need is a foam roller up against your lower back on a wall and a kettlebell or dumbbell. Get far enough away from the wall so that where your knees are starting behind your ankles slightly. The amount will vary depending on what's comfortable for you so play around with it but you always want to make sure you can feel these three points of contact on both feet even at all times. Now hold that weight in the gap position and very gently separate your shoulder blades away from your spine without letting your breast bone or sternum depress. Now I'm locked your knees and maintaining those three points of contact to send into that squat by allowing your knees to go over your toes because of the nature of this position it should feel very easy for you to maintain that stacked head over ribcage over pelvis and then press those two points of contact to stand back up. For a single exercise attach two cable handles to the lowest setting they can go on the cable machine. I recommend starting at the bottom position of this plus squat to ensure that your back knee is directly underneath your back hip. Allow the pull of the cable handles to very gently separate your shoulder blades away from your spine again without suppressing your sternum. Keep your whole foot relaxed to feel these three points of contact on that front foot. Now you're going to maintain this position as you exhale and go straight up and then inhale through your nose as you melt onto those three points of contact on your front foot, especially your heel as you go down. Exhale, come straight up because this weighs pulling you forward, you'll reflexively want to lean back and stay upright as you go down and up, making it a really effective position to keep your stack as you go through this. If you're doing this right you should feel a lot of quad hamstring and glute on the front leg but also some abs.