If you have a tighter upper trap on one side of your body in particular, stretching and rolling out the upper trap often doesn't give you that long-term, meaningful change that you're looking for, because we're not actually addressing the root cause as to why that upper trap is tight in the first place. Typically when people have a tighter upper trap on one side in particular, they have a shoulder that's obviously higher on that side, but we need to ask, well, why is the shoulder elevated in the first place? Typically what we're seeing in this context is that the backside of the rib cage is stuck in a more compressed state. What I mean by that is that every single time we inhale, we should be getting circumferential expansion of our rib cage in all directions, front and back and even side to side. If the backside of the rib cage can't properly open up with each inhale, typically what happens is this space just gets tighter and tighter over time. And every time you inhale, you're not getting these thousands of little micro decompressions of this space throughout the day, so eventually it just kind of tightens up on you. Typically when the backside of the rib cage is restricted in its ability to expand, we're going to compensate by pushing more air forward and elevating our shoulders and our traps to help us pull air into our rib cage and elevate it. Typically what this results in is a lower rib case that's flared out because muscles like the upper traps and other neck muscles are helping us to create compensatory elevation of the rib cage. The last piece of this is notice if I were to do this and elevate the shoulder on this side. Look at what happens to my sternum. It turns to the opposite side. So I have a rib cage that's usually forward on the side of the tighter trap and also turn to the other side. So now I have a situation where my rib cage is elevated on this side, but also turn to the other side. So the solution would entail helping to bring the rib cage down on this side in a specific way. The obliques and deep abs are really helpful for this because they help anchor the rib cage down to the pelvis to provide the ability for the rib cage to get proper expansion in the back. Here's a really easy way you can start to do that for this all you need is a table about the height of your most upper thigh. I've had a little bit of elevation here to make it work for me. You should have your back toes in line with a mid foot on the front foot, feet about hip with the part. Bend your knees very slightly and get about two thirds of your weight on these three points of contact on both feet, but especially the back foot. Now take your hand of the side of the upper trap you want to work on and the same side that's stepped back and place it flat on that surface. You should have around a 45-ish degree angle of your arm relative to your trunk. Now you're going to push the base of your palm gently against that table. And that's going to slightly turn your sternum towards that side and it's going to create a little bit of separation in between your shoulder blades and spine. Now exhale very gently through your mouth. Let me air fall out of you with a relaxed jaw like this for five-ish seconds. At the end of that, you're going to feel your side abs engage on the side that you turn towards and the side of the upper trap you're trying to decompress. And pause, hold on to a little bit of that side abs. You've got from that exhale and then inhale very gently maintaining that very gentle, slight push through the table. If you do that right, you're going to feel some nice expansion in that area of your upper trap.