Have you ever noticed that your glutes are always tight or clenched when you're standing up? This is actually pretty common and is telling us something important about your body. Here's what's going on and how you can fix it. The reason why your glutes are always tight when you're standing is because they're trying to help you stand upright against gravity, but this is happening for a specific reason. See posture is just a representation of your body's ability to keep an even center of gravity down the midline of the body. So the body is going to change and alter its spine curves based off of your own individual situation to accommodate for that and move your spine curves around that center of gravity line. So many people with tight glutes have a forward head and rounded forward shoulders like this. If this happens, then something needs to slow down the forward progression of the body. So let's say if this is going really far forward, stuff on the back side of the body has to start gripping to prevent them from literally falling forward on their face and so that way they can even out their spine curves. People take this usually have one of two situations. The first is that their pelvis is being tilted forward and the pelvis is so tilted forward that the body senses this. So it's gripping the backside of the pelvis to prevent them from falling too far forward within their center of gravity. The other thing is that the upper body is forward. So they need to grip something down here to help pull them underneath themselves. So again, they don't fall too far forward in their upper body. So the key is yes, we want to open up the back side of the hips, but we also want to teach the body how to stack the head over the rib cage over the pelvis and achieve that position of relative neutrality. That way we can move away from neutrality and access other positions more genuinely. So get a foam roller in between your upper thighs like this. Find a desk or a box about waist tight, gently bend both knees. You want to feel the foot contacts of your heels, the base of your big toe, the base of the little toe on both sides. Now keeping a flat low back position, you're going to very gently bend your knees and slide your hands forward as you push your hips back very slowly. Stopping at the first sensation of stretching your glutes. You're going to maintain this position and very gently squeeze the foam roller just a two out of ten, not any more than that. And then you're going to hang out here for a couple of slow breath cycles. And then you're going to release that squeeze on the foam roller, go down just another inch or two, increasing that stretch in your glutes, staying heavy over those foot contacts on both sides, re-squeeze just a two out of ten, hang out here for a couple of breaths, then do a third progression down right here and then re-squeeze, go back up to the top and restart. What you do not want to do is just shove your hips back lock out your knees more and do this sort of thing. This is not going to give you the light of the glutes that we want. This is a very gentle knee bend and a forward fold more so then doing something like this.