Do you ever notice how your jaw feels more deviated off to one side than the other? Or maybe you have TMJ issues and your jaw or bite doesn't feel symmetrical in its movement when you chew or talk? What I want to help you appreciate is that, yes, this has a lot to do with the jaw itself, but also the bigger structures around the jaw like the head, the skull, and also the neck can influence the position of the jaw. Typically what I see is that the head is side bent to the same side, which brings the jaw lower down on that side. So, effectively the jaw kind of just gets left behind in space as the rest of the skull relatively is biased towards orienting in the other direction. And to be clear, there are definitely a lot of other influences here. I'm just trying to help you appreciate the bigger picture. The net result of this over time is that it positions the jaw differently in the socket than it was before in a relatively neutral position. Over time, what happens is that this creates a misalignment with how the mandible rests within the jaw socket itself. So I commonly see that people have a jaw deviated to let's say the left side, and this creates a misalignment within our bite as well. So when you bite down and you have a jaw that's deviated to the left, typically you can find your back right teeth more easily than your left. Over time, this also weakens key muscles that help control a manage the position of the jaw itself. Now again, there's a lot of play here, but one key muscle group that gets weak and underutilized in many important contexts for jaw control on the side where your jaw is deviated to is your lateral tear-goid muscle. This is a key muscle for creating side-to-side jaw movement and also pro-trusion or forward movement. And because the head tends to be rotated away from the side of the deviated jaw, I find that net rotation is also limited in terms of its range emotion to that side of the jaw deviation itself. So here's a really simple and easy exercise that will train the lateral tear-goid muscle to reposition the jaw and create better alignment. You also might be surprised how much this frees up your net rotation and also improves the symmetry of your back molar contact when you bite down. Take a hand-tile roll up thick enough, so that way when you place it underneath the most curved part of your neck, your chin can passively point directly at the ceiling. First, allow your teeth to very gently naturally separate and then very gently push your bottom jaw ahead of your top jaw, just a tiny bit. This is called pro-trusion of the jaw. Now you're going to take two fingers and place them on the side opposite of the side where your jaw is deviated towards. So if my jaw deities to the left, I would place them on the front of my right chin. Now you can do this one of two ways. You can think about pushing your jaw into your fingers and resisting that push with very light pressure of your fingers. You're just pushing your jaw one or two out of ten over in your fingers. Your jaw is not actually going to move because your fingers are in that position, so it's going to end up being an isometric contraction. It's very gentle. So it would look like jaw slightly forward, pushing my jaw to the right, but I'm resisting it with my right fingers. So what you should feel is muscles on the side of your left upper jaw start to work. Those are your lateral tear-goids.