If you struggle to do this or cross your leg over on one side compared to the other, this is telling you something key about your hit mobility limitations. You see in order to cross your leg over like this, you need to access a good bit of external rotation mobility within your hips. As you can see, that's being demonstrated right here within the femur. As external rotation is this action right here, that's required as you cross your leg over. If you struggle to do this on one or both sides, chances are high that your femur is stuck in a position where it's slid relatively further back within the hip socket, and it's unable to effectively slide into that externally rotated position. So first we need to open up more space for external rotation, then we need to train more dynamic control of it. Here's how you can do that really easily. This simple little rolling exercise is going to be great for restoring external rotation space. For some you might feel a little weird, but just trust me and test and retest your external rotation before and after. Lay on your side with a penalty through head or two so that way you're neck and stay neutral. If this was a 90 degree bend that your knees drop them down a little bit so that way you can comfortably find the outside of your knee on the bottom side resting gently on the floor. Take your top side ankle and hook it underneath the bottom of the shin like this. Then take your hand and rest it on the side of your head like this. So you have generally the same angle of this arm to this thigh. Now the rest is very simple. All you're going to do is with as little tension as you humanly can, roll and kind of flop onto your back as you gently inhale through your nose. And then with as little tension as you can, exhale, return to the starting position. Make sure you get that outside knee contact again, re-establish control. And then with as little tension as you can, flop onto your back. Notice how my legs are in a nice comfortable, externally rotated position. This rolling action with little tension is just allowing your femurs to glide out into a proper position of external rotation without you forcing it there. It's gently opening up space with each and every roll. Inhale, very gently roll back. You're literally just going to fall and flop onto your back. Exhale, return to the starting position. Now that on that space dynamically, get in this position with the leg you want to work on out in front of you. You want to feel the outside knee contact and also the outside hip or greater choke cancer on this side. This back leg can be closer or further away from the foot whatever's comfortable without feeling any restriction in your hips. Now place your hands on front of you like this. Make sure you have the outside knee outside hip. Now all you're going to do is very gently press mostly through the outside knee here and a little bit of the inside knee here and go up into a position where you're just an inch or two off of the ground. You're going to feel a little bit of outside hip and glute work here. Lower yourself back down onto the ground and to the outside hip contact gently. Repeat this for about two sets of 10 wraps keeping your spine nice and neutral. I like to hold the top for about two to three seconds feeling that contraction and then coming back down into that position and establishing control again of that outside hip contact.