Most people doing these rotator cuff exercises for better shoulder health don't realize that they could get significantly better results if they consider just this one simple thing. You see the rotator cuff muscles control the fine movements of the shoulder moving into, let's say, external rotation for the purpose of this reel. But here's the thing, muscles, and those in the rotator cuff, especially, can only control the range of motion that is available to be expressed in the first place. So basically, your rotator cuff muscles can only help you strengthen external rotation through your genuinely available external rotation space. But the problem I see is so many people do these external rotation drills in so much shoulder mobility and they just assume they have that space. And a lot of people would be surprised if they actually measured their external rotation mobility at the shoulder, how little of it they genuinely have before they start compensating. If you run out of external rotation mobility, all you're going to end up doing is just turning your spine to accommodate that lack of mobility. I see this all the time. So instead of better solution would be to open up more mobility for external rotation space. And that way you can train those rotator cuff muscles through a more full range of motion and get better results. As opposed to just assuming you have that mobility and then just ending up moving through a little bit of space and then turning your spine for the rest of it, even if you're not consciously aware of that compensation. So let's measure our external rotation space. All you need to do is lay on the ground and get your elbow close to your side without having to force it there whatsoever. Start with your fist up at the ceiling and then very slowly allow for your forearm to go closer to the ground. You don't want to ever have to push more than about a 2 out of 10. And you should never feel your elbow deviate away from your side further. This is going to occur way earlier than a lot of people think. Once you have to push more than about a 2 out of 10 or your elbow starts to deviate away from your body, that is the end of your genuine range of motion. But reason why external rotation space gets limited is because there's a lot of compression and tightness of tissues and muscles in between the scapule and the spine. Try squeezing your shoulder blades together and then trying to express external rotation. You can't really do it because there's no way for the shoulder to go. So by opening up this space, we can restore external rotation mobility and then get more out of those exercises. Here's how you can do that. The most simple possible way to do this would be to get in a position where your quadruped hands with your shoulders knees underneath your hips. Make sure you have a 50-50 waist split between both of them. Keeping your head nice and neutral and your elbows just 5 to 10% unlocked, gently separate your shoulders away from your spine as you very slightly get that protraction feeling. This should be very gentle and it should not occur with you shrugging your shoulders at all. Very gently exhale through your mouth for about 5-2 seconds, letting the air fall out of you like this. At the end of that exhale, you're going to feel your side abs engage. Hopefully not as much your six back but your side abs. Hold on that contraction then as you close your mouth and pause. After about a pause for a second or two, inhale very gently through your nose, letting the air fall into you. Because you're holding onto your side out a little bit, the air will have no choice but to expand the spacing between your shoulder blades and spine.