Most people that have elevated shoulders like this in their posture, think of this because they have two tightened overactive upper trap muscles. So they try to do a lot of exercises like this when they try to pull the shoulders back and down, but this could actually be making your problem worse, not better. Here's what you need to know, and we'll actually help you fix the issue. First, yes, it is true that if your shoulders are in an elevated position, you're going to have likely tight upper trap muscles. But another key muscle grip involved in this is your rhomboids, which have sort of this upward diagonal angle of their muscle fiber orientation, which as they pull the shoulders back closer together, they also elevate them up. So a really big problem with doing exercises like this that pull the shoulders back is that one of the main muscles you're going to be using in those exercises is your rhomboids and all likely put. And those things are already very likely tight in some capacity as they're elevating your shoulders. If you squeeze your shoulders back enough, you'll eventually feel how they start to raise up. So doing a bunch of exercises that promote the shoulders being pulled back aggressively is not a good idea. Besides, we need to ask, well, why are these muscles even tight in the first place? Every single time that we inhale, we should be getting circumferential expansion of our ribcage in all directions. The front and also including the back. There's a huge chunk of space in the back side of our ribcage that we have to expand into that a lot of people don't appreciate or realize. And every single time we inhale, we should be getting these little micro decompressions of the tissues in between the shoulder blades and the spine as they gently separate to allow for that expansion to occur. If we're not getting that expansion, then our body knows this, and it's going to create compensatory mechanisms to create enough elevation and opening of the ribcage. So it's going to excessively send air in the front of the ribcage and use compensatory breathing muscles, like the upper traps, and neck to help further facilitate the ribcage getting compensatory expansion. So the solution is actually first to help create a better ability to open up the space in between our scapula and spine with our breath. From there, we can start to re-educate a little bit better patterning of the scapula resting in a better position on the ribcage. Here's how you can do that. For this variation, all you need is a chair and a table. Sit tall feeling your sit bones evenly on both sides. Make sure the table or desk is at a height so that way your arm bone can be at a 45 degree angle ish relative to your trunk. Wrap a very very light band around your wrist like this, or you can just use no band at all. Sit in this position with your palms facing you being sure your arms are at about a 45 degree angle relative to your trunk. Now very gently just separate your shoulder blades away from your spine. Again, just a one or two out of 10 intensity. I mean, taking your elbows shoulder with the part, all you're going to do is very gently separate your hands away from each other. If you do this very gently again one or two out of 10, you're going to feel a little bit of engagement of the muscles on the backside of your shoulders. This is all you're looking for, but it should not come at the cost of you doing it too much and extending your back or feeling any tension in the front or sides of your shoulders. If you do feel tension in the front or side of your shoulders, just don't use a band or just try less. Now it's the same exact breathing just very gently exhale, let the air fall out of you for five to ten seconds. Pause. After two to three seconds pause, inhale letting the air fall into you and you should feel that expansion of between your shoulder blades and spine. Repeat this for about two sets of ten breaths as well.