Most people plant our fasciitis or problems with their feet try to fix the issue by taking a ball to the bottom of their foot and rolling out their plant our fascia. They usually just mindlessly rolling in random ways and random directions trying to find a tender point and then releasing it. And while that can be helpful, there's oftentimes a better more strategic approach we can take to this rolling process to get better results. Now, typically people have foot problems like plant our fasciitis, what's going on is that their foot lacks the ability to properly move through one of two shapes. That is either pronation or flattening out of the foot arch or supination or raising of the foot arch. Now, regardless of whether you struggle with pronation or supination, you mean to maintain three points of contact. That is your heel, the base of the big toe and the base of the little toe. And one of the main problems I see with people that have foot issues is they have a hard time maintaining these contacts with even pressure. Just standing without forcing it, you should be able to feel the inside and outside of your heel bone flat on the ground and also the base of the big toe and little toe with even pressure. If you can't, chances are relatively higher that you have an issue expressing genuine pronation or supination. This series of roles has given my clients a lot of success in terms of being able to find these contacts more effectively pretty much instantaneously. The first role is going to be good for finding the inside of the heel and also the big toe. The second role releases the transverse arch, which is good for finding these contacts. And the last role is really good for finding the outside foot contacts without losing the inside foot for this first one, we're going to start with the lacrosse ball underneath our first pentatarsal head or a ball of the big toe. We want to start with our body on top of the lacrosse ball. Not out in front of us like that. Keeping your foot as relaxed as you can, you want to just gently go down in a straight line until you get to about an inch or a centimeter right ahead of your heel. I think quickly roll back to the top. Don't think about rolling up only down your foot and you're going to repeat this for about 15 rolls. The cadence is slow and controlled and you're just applying about a 5 to 6 out of 10 pressure. For the next one, ground your heel and now start in the same exact places the first one. Now you're going to do a windshield wiper motion trying to go from your first metatarsal head to underneath your fifth toe. You're not on the bones themselves. You are just underneath the ball of your foot. Then quickly roll back to the beginning. You're only rolling inside to out, not outside to end. Now with the last one is pretty much the opposite of the first ones. You're going to start just an inch or centimeter above the outside of your heel and roll slowly, controlled straight line perfectly up until you get to just underneath the ball of the foot underneath the fifth toe or the pinky toe. And then quickly roll back down. Don't think about rolling down your foot. This one you're only rolling up in a controlled motion. After doing all three of those, you should feel like your foot has better contact with the ground and pressure is more even.