Most people think the prone y-rays is a great exercise to strengthen the lower traps to improve shoulder health and mobility. And while it can be very helpful, it has its limitations, and I think that there's a better way to execute this exercise for better results. The biggest problem with doing an exercise like this in a prone position is that because we are laying face down, the spine is naturally going to extend or straighten out, especially at the upper thoracic spine right here where the shoulder blades sit on the rib cage. And for the shoulder blade to effectively move and glide and rotate on the rib cage in the back in this section, it needs to be able to stay congruent with it or flush on it. What a lot of people don't realize is that the scapula is this naturally rounded, concave structure that needs to sit on a slightly rounded or pushing out convex thoracic rib cage. That allows for that nice gliding and sliding and rotation of the scapula on the rib cage. But if our spine is stuck in this flat or extended position, that is going to compromise the ability for the scapula to stay congruent on it. And then that is going to really throw off the mechanics of the low-trapping, able to control and manage the rotation at the shoulder blade. Now, don't get me wrong, the y-rays is a fantastic exercise, but it can be limited, and it can give us suboptimal results if we're stuck like a lot of people are in this extended position as we do it. So a better solution would entail putting ourselves in a position that's conducive to getting a little bit of curvature through the thoracic spine. Obviously, not without slouching going too far in the other direction, but just creating a little bit more neutrality here. Here's some easy way you can do that. Laying your sternum over the ball will allow your thoracic spine to be very slightly rounded. That's all you're looking for. So apply some gentle pressure with your feet up at the wall and then get in the bottom position of the y-rays. Then exhale and come up to a natural stopping position to where if you were to go any higher, you would have to arch your ribs, your sternum would come off of the exercise ball, and then come back down. It's just a nice subtle range of motion, and it should feel like your shoulder blade is gliding and moving much better in this position relative to that prone position where we'd feel all jammed up.