Most people that have squished together toes like this as a result of wearing narrow toe box shoes think they need to fix the problem by just simply switching to a wider toe box shoe. And while that's certainly helpful, in many cases it's not enough to fully fix the issue. Here's why in which you can do about it. Over time, as we wear these narrow toe box shoes and our toes get more compressed and closer together, what that does is it creates actually a very rigid foot arch. If I squeeze together the toes, look at what happens to the foot arch. It goes up into a higher, more rigid position. This will limit the natural mechanics of our foot arch moving into pronation and lowering close into the ground. Even if you have a relatively flat foot, squeezing your toes together will limit this natural pronation. And just because you switch to a wider toe box shoe does not mean that your foot automatically knows how to move through more genuine pronation in its new environment. So a truly comprehensive approach would teach the foot to pronate effectively in an unrestricted environment with the proper mechanics. That way when you go back into your wider toe box shoe, your foot has the capacity to more genuinely pronate and then have that work with the rest of the body. Here's an easy way you can start to teach your body how to do that. For this, you don't need any equipment. You may want to hold onto a door frame or a rack for support and stability, but that's optional. Place one foot on the ground straight ahead and take a step back like this with the other leg. Your mileage may vary depending on what's comfortable and how well you can do this. You do want to make sure this back foot is slightly off to the side though. Now the overwhelming majority of your body weighs on this foot spread evenly amongst these three points of contact. Start with your leg locked out and unlock your knee and what you're going to do is very gently turn your pelvis away from that side just a bit as you push your knee over your toe and you should feel your foot flattening out against the ground a little bit. And then you're going to turn your hips again square them up as you lock out your knee and you're going to unlock your knee, turn your pelvis very gently away from that side and let your foot are just kind of melt down as long as you're finding those three points of contact you're good. You want to relatively level pelvis turn don't lean into it too much. Don't do this. It should be nice and smooth like so. You want the knee generally tracking over the big toe. My biggest piece of advice here is stay relaxed through your foot. Allow your foot arch to melt down as long as you're feeling those three points of contact all is well. You don't want to have tension in your toes because that's going to raise up your foot arch. Now you're back to the original problem of a rigid foot. Allow for your foot to just do what it will as the knee goes over the big toe and your pelvis stays level. And then just go through about two to three sets of 15 reps of this exercise.