Most people use a foam roller to release tight and overactive muscles and tissues, like their IT band, or their glutes. But what they don't realize is that they can use a foam roller to strategically manipulate the position of the femur or thigh bone itself to help it access positions it was previously limited in. This will directly impact and improve your hit mobility. Here's what you need to know and how you can do it. This skeleton represents the half of your pelvis and your femur right here. If you were to land the side with the pressure of the foam roller going up behind the femur bone a little bit, starting at the top of your leg and slowly rolling down your leg, that would push your femur and the head of it into internal rotation. So yes, while you would be rolling through some muscles, obviously, you would also be biasing the femur towards an internally rotated position, thereby improving that element of mobility. Here's how it's set that up. Start letting on the foam roller with the straight leg being the side you want to improve internal rotation on. And cross this top passive leg over like this. Find that bone on the side of your hip called your greater trochanter and then slowly roll forward until you hit it and then roll back so you just gently behind it. Take your bottom side toes, point them gently up at the ceiling. Your leg should be straight but not actively locked out. Now very slowly roll down your leg until you get about two thirds of the way down your leg, not all the way down just two thirds of the way down your thigh. And then quickly roll back to the top. You're not worried about rolling up your leg. You're just going down reset, find just behind that greater trochanter, toes up at the ceiling gently and then roll two thirds of the way down. Might be a little tender but again the goal here is to reposition the bone, not worrying about muscle as much. And another way you could improve internal rotation is to sit on the foam roller. And by doing that with contact of your sit bone right here, that will naturally push the femur into a position as you can see of internal rotation. And that will help improve that motion. Here's how you could do that. What you're going to do is just sit on the foam roller, cross one leg over and again the straight leg is the side you want to improve internal rotation on. Now gently roll down your butt cheek until you feel like you are just pressing up behind the sit bone and underneath it. Now gently roll just an inch or two down until you feel like that foam roller is pressing up and against your sit bone. Now you're going to position where you can push that femur back with in the hip socket. So keeping your whole body relaxed, all you're going to do is slightly lean forward with your trunk. You're going to feel a little stretch in your leg and hip and then lean back. You're keeping the foam roller in the same position the entire time and you're going to feel some movement of bones within your hips and that is the action and feeling that we're looking for. Just flex your spine forward and then come back like so. This is literally all it is.