Most people of Ford had posture think that it's an issue primarily with muscles on the neck being overactive, pulling the head forward into this position. So they do exercises like chin toxic to try to fix the issue, but this is only addressing the symptom not the underlying root cause. But the problem isn't tight muscles. The muscles are getting tight because of the actual problem. Research has consistently shown that people with Ford head posture have reduced lung volumes, and also an inability to properly fully open up their ribcage with their breath. What's commonly going on underneath the surface is that the diaphragm slowly stops being able to function properly over time. This is through sedentary lifestyles, a lack of variability of movement in our day, and also injuries building up over time. So what happens is that the body senses that the diaphragm can't work to properly draw air into the lungs and expand the ribcage as it should with every breath that we take. So muscles that are supposed to be a more secondary assistors in the inhalation process, to draw air into our ribcage, start working in overdrive. And because a lot of these muscles attach on the collarbone and on the first rib itself, they slowly start pulling the attachment sides closer together, and the head starts going more and more forward to give those muscles leverage to pull air in. So only doing chin tuck exercises commonly doesn't work because we're not actually addressing the underlying root cause, which is an inability to use our diaphragm properly to expand our ribcage. Training our body to do this will not give our neck muscles a reason to compensate and work an overdrive in the first place. Here's how you can start to properly retrain your diaphragm and expand your chest without using your neck. To do this, get your feet up on a bench or a chair so that way your knees and hips are bent at around a 90 degree angle. This is to ensure that you low back flattens out against the ground comfortably but not excessively. It's essential that your chin is passively pointing towards the ceiling at all times. Now there's two foam rollers here or you can just stack up some books or whatever works. So that way when your elbows are at the height of your shoulder, they can just drop down and be supported by those elevations. These things need to be high enough so that way there's no tension anywhere in the front or back your shoulder. You should have no tension in your body in this position. Now with your chin at the ceiling, very gently open your mouth with a relaxed jaw that the air fall out of you for about 5 to 10 seconds. At the end of that 5 to 10 seconds, you're going to feel your side abs or a bleaks engage. Hold that as you close your mouth and put your tongue on the roof of your mouth. Now maintaining a little bit of that side abs tension you got from earlier, inhale through your nose, but let the air fall into you. Have no neck engagement whatsoever. It should be a nice passive process and you're going to feel your chest expand. And then repeat the process. Exhale fully. Pause. Find those side abs and then inhale. If you feel like you cannot inhale without your neck engaging, break up your inhales into sections. Inhale for a third, pause, inhale softly for another third, pause and then keep going until you get a relatively full breath. Your bleaks being slightly engaged during the inhale is important because that will make sure that you're not just flaring your rib cage and using a compensatory strategy to expand your ribs rather than your diaphragm. You know you're doing this right when you feel no tension in your neck when you inhale or exhale and you feel your belly and chest rise simultaneously with the inhale.